# Longer description of phd offers

#### <a name="swiss-memory"></a> Behavioral phd with prof. Evie Vergauwe on working memory in Switzerland

The successful applicant will work with Prof. Evie Vergauwe on a research project funded by an Eccellenza fellowship of the Swiss National Science Foundation. The project’s goal is to better understand human working memory. The student will study the development of working memory through behavioral experiments in children and young adults.

 

We offer:

•       Work in a friendly, open, and supportive international research team

•       Opportunity for a PhD dissertation, and support for pursuing a career in research

•       Excellent lab infrastructure

•       Opportunity to collaborate with other working memory labs (in Switzerland, Cyprus, and the United States of America)

•       Opportunity to participate in large-scale international collaborations (e.g., Psychological Science Accelerator, and Registered Replication Reports)

•       Training in Open Science techniques and procedures

•       Opportunity to be involved in neuroimaging studies, if interested

•       Salary according to SNSF regulations (approx. CHF 47,000-50,000 per year) for up to 4 years

 

Desired profile:

•       Master’s degree or equivalent in Psychology or a related discipline

•       Experience with experimental psychology research

•       Background in cognitive psychology and/or developmental psychology

•       Very good research methods knowledge and skills

•       Interest in pursuing an academic career

•       Very good command of English (written and oral)

•       Basic knowledge of French, or willingness to learn some basic French (to interact with participants)

•       Willingness to travel (for conferences and/or international collaborations)

 

Programming skills (e.g., Matlab, R, OpenSesame, Python) will be considered an advantage.

 

Application

Please send your application in English, as a single PDF (including your CV, copy of highest academic diploma, a cover letter describing your research interests, previous experience, and motivation to apply for this position, and the contact of, at least, one reference) per email to: evie.vergauwe@unige.ch

Deadline: January 31, 2019, but applications will continue to be considered until the position is filled.

 

Information/Questions

Questions can be addressed to evie.vergauwe@unige.ch

 

Applications from women and underrepresented groups are highly encouraged."

#### <a name="science-inteligence"></a> Cross-disciplinary research on intelligence in Berlin

Early notice*

Technische Universitaet Berlin and Humboldt-Universitaet zu
Berlin

*Science of Intelligence Berlin - Cluster of Excellence*

11 PhD and 12 Postdoc positions

Cross-disciplinary research in artificial intelligence,
machine learning, control, robotics, computer vision,
behavioral biology, cognitive science, psychology,
educational science, neuroscience, and philosophy.

Starting dates: Summer / Fall 2019
Duration of positions: 3 years
Salary level: TV-L 13, 100% for all positions

What are the principles of intelligence, shared by all forms
of intelligence, no matter whether artificial or biological,
whether robot, computer program, human, or animal? And how
can we apply these principles to create intelligent
technology? Answering these questions - in an ethically
responsible way - is the central scientific objective of the
new Cluster of Excellence Science of Intelligence
(www.scioi.de).

Researchers from a large number of analytic and synthetic
disciplines - artificial intelligence, machine learning,
control, robotics, computer vision, behavioral biology,
cognitive science, psychology, educational science,
neuroscience, and philosophy - join forces to create a
multi-disciplinary research program across universities and
research institutes in Berlin. Our approach is driven by the
insight that any method, concept, and theory must
demonstrate its merits by contributing to the intelligent
behavior of a synthetic artifact, such as a robot or a
computer program. These artifacts represent the shared
"language" across disciplines, enabling the validation,
combination, transfer, and extension of research results.
Thus we expect to attain cohesion among disciplines, which
currently produce their own theories and empirical findings
about aspects of intelligence.

Interdisciplinary research projects have been defined which
combine analytic and synthetic research and which address
key aspects of individual, social, and collective
intelligence. In addition the Science of Intelligence
graduate program promotes the cross-disciplinary education
of young scientists on a Master, PhD, and postdoctoral
level. All PhD students associated with the cluster are
expected to join the Science of Intelligence doctoral
program: www.scioi.de/education/doctoral-program

The cluster welcomes applications from all disciplines that
contribute to intelligence research.

Information on the required documents and the application
process (including deadline and timeline for reviews and
interviews) may be obtained from:
www.scioi.de/call-for-applications/application-process

Further information on the individual PhD and postdoctoral
research projects is available at:
www.scioi.de/call-for-applications/open-positions

Applicants wishing to apply for several projects need to
provide separate applications for each project.
